Instructions for migrating to custom theme folder (#1238)
vaadin/docs: articles/v14-23-upgrade/final-steps/index.adoc

@JsModule("./styles/text-field-styles.js")

/* After */
@CssImport("./styles/shared-styles.css")
@CssImport(value="./styles/text-field-styles.css", themeFor="vaadin-text-field")
----

[[custom-theme-folder]]
== Refactor Styles to a Custom Theme Folder

While importing styles using `@CssImport` still works, the recommended way to apply CSS to Vaadin applications is using https://vaadin.com/docs/latest/ds/customization/custom-theme[the theme folder format] introduced in Vaadin 19.

.Does not work with Material theme
[NOTE]
The new custom theme format does not yet work with the Material theme. Applications using the Material should stick to `@CssImport` based styling.

1. Create a `themes` folder under the project's `frontend` folder.

2. Create a folder inside `themes` named, for example, according to the project (`my-theme` will be used as an example here).

3. Create a stylesheet called `styles.css` inside the folder (or, if you already have one, move it there).

4. Create a `components` folder inside the same folder.
+
You should now have a folders structure like this:
+
----
frontend
└── themes
    └── my-theme
        ├── components/
        └── styles.css
----

> 5. Move all Vaadin component stylesheets, that have a `themeFor` parameter (or, if refactoring from JsModules, a `theme-for` attribute in the `dom-module`), into the `components` folder and rename them to correspond to the `themeFor` value (the component's HTML tagname)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Move all Vaadin component stylesheets that have a `themeFor` parameter (or, if refactoring from JsModules, a `theme-for` attribute in the `dom-module`) into the `components` folder and rename them to correspond to the `themeFor` value (the component's HTML tag name).

```

+
----
/* Before */
@CssImport(value="text-field-styles.css", themeFor="vaadin-text-field")

/* After */
frontend/themes/my-theme/components/vaadin-text-field.css
----

> 6. Move other stylesheets next to `styles.css`

Reviewer 2: Should we also advise to move [styles](https://github.com/vaadin/bakery-app-starter-flow-spring/blob/master/frontend/styles/shared-styles.js#L319) defined with `<custom-style>` element to this file?

+
----
frontend
└── themes
    └── my-theme
        ├── components/
        ├── styles.css
        ├── navigation.css
		├── dashboard.css
        └── ...
----
+

> and add import each one into `styles.css` using `@import`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and import each one into `styles.css` using `@import`

```

====
include::instructions/_iron.adoc[]
====

== Replace JsModule Stylesheets With CssImports
.Click and read if you have styles imported with `@JsModule` annotations.
[%collapsible]
====

> Loading stylesheets with the `@JsModule` annotation in Flow is deprecated. JS-wrapped stylesheets should be refactored to regular CSS files and loaded with @CssImport, or, preferably, using <<custom-theme-folder,the new theme folder format>> recommended for styling applications since Vaadin 19.

Author: Done (even though I have no idea what good [annotationname] actually does 😅 )
